Add release notes for Docker Desktop 3.3.0 (#12628)
docker/docker.github.io: docker-for-mac/release-notes.md

This page contains information about the new features, improvements, known issues, and bug fixes in Docker Desktop releases.

## Docker Desktop 3.3.0
2021-04-08

> [Download](https://desktop.docker.com/mac/stable/amd64/Docker.dmg)

### New

> You can now specify when to download and install a Docker Desktop update. When an update becomes available, Docker Desktop displays an icon to indicate the availability of a newer version. You can download the update in the background whenever convenient. When the download is complete, all you need to do is to click Update and restart to install the latest update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now specify when to download and install a Docker Desktop update. When an update becomes available, Docker Desktop displays an icon to indicate the availability of a newer version. You can download the update in the background whenever convenient. When the download is complete, all you need to do is to click Update and restart to install the latest update.
Developers who use Docker Desktop for professional development purposes may at times need to skip a specific update. For this reason, Pro or Team subscription developers can skip notifications for a particular update when a reminder appears.
For developers in IT managed environments, who don’t have administrative access to install updates to Docker Desktop, there is now an option in the Settings menu to opt out of notifications altogether for Docker Desktop updates if your Docker ID is part of a Team subscription.
```

> **Important**
>
> Starting with Docker Desktop 3.0.0, Stable and Edge releases are combined into a single release stream for all users. Updates to Docker Desktop will be available automatically as delta updates from the previous version. When an update is available, Docker Desktop displays an icon to indicate the availability of a newer version. Whenever convenient, you can start the download of the update in the background. When the download finishes, all you need to do is to click **Update and restart** to install the latest update.
{: .important }

## Docker Desktop 3.3.0
2021-04-08

> [Download](https://desktop.docker.com/mac/stable/amd64/Docker.dmg)

> 

Reviewer 2: We should have a **New** section here to talk about the new update mechanism. Here's the draft text. Let me know your thoughts @stephen-turner @dieucao 

You can now specify when to download and install a Docker Desktop update. When an update becomes available, Docker Desktop displays an icon to indicate the availability of a newer version. You can download the update in the background whenever convenient. When the download is complete, all you need to do is to click **Update and restart** to install the latest update.

Reviewer 3: Thanks, @usha-mandya, LGTM.

### Upgrades

- [Docker Compose 1.29.0](https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/tag/1.29.0)
- [Compose CLI v1.0.12](https://github.com/docker/compose-cli/tree/v1.0.12)
- [Linux kernel 5.10.25](https://hub.docker.com/layers/docker/for-desktop-kernel/5.10.25-6594e668feec68f102a58011bb42bd5dc07a7a9b/images/sha256-80e22cd9c9e6a188a785d0e23b4cefae76595abe1e4a535449627c2794b10871?context=repo)
- [Snyk v1.461.0](https://github.com/snyk/snyk/releases/tag/v1.461.0)
- [Docker Hub Tool v0.3.1](https://github.com/docker/hub-tool/releases/tag/v0.3.1)
- [containerd v1.4.4](https://github.com/containerd/containerd/releases/tag/v1.4.4)
- [runc v1.0.0-rc93](https://github.com/opencontainers/runc/releases/tag/v1.0.0-rc93)

### Bug fixes and minor changes

- Fixed an issue related to docker-compose action. Fixes [docker/for-win#10564](https://github.com/docker/for-win/issues/10564).

> - Fixed launching Docker Desktop from the Dock. Fixes [docker/for-mac#5515](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/5515).

Reviewer 3: This bug was only on M1, wasn't it? So not relevant for this release.

> - Ensure `--add-host host.docker.internal:host-gateway` causes `host.docker.internal` resolves to the host IP, rather than the IP of the IP router. See [docker/for-linux#264](https://github.com/docker/for-linux/issues/264).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug that `--add-host host.docker.internal:host-gateway` caused `host.docker.internal` to resolve to the wrong IP address.
```

Also the ticket cited is not really relevant: is there a specific comment within the ticket we could link to? If not, just omit it.

Author: I’m not sure, @djs55 any recollection of this? It’s from https://github.com/docker/pinata/pull/15504

Reviewer 4: It should fix the issue where the new `host-gateway` feature in the engine fixes Linux but breaks macOS: https://github.com/docker/for-linux/issues/264#issuecomment-785137844

> - Prevent inter-container HTTP traffic being forwarded via the HTTP proxy to the host. Fixes [docker/for-mac#5476](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/5476).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug that caused inter-container HTTP traffic to be misrouted to the external HTTP proxy. Fixes [docker/for-mac#5476](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/5476).
```

> - Prevent the deletion of files which have been added to the folder containing the VM disk image. Fixes [docker/for-mac#5486](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/5486).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug that could cause other files in the same folder as the VM disk to be deleted when the disk was resized. Fixes [docker/for-mac#5486](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/5486).
```

- Fixed an issue where delta downloads caused an `Illegal instruction exception`. Fixes [docker/for-mac#5459](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/5459).

> - Apply domain-based HTTPS proxy `no_proxy` rules for encrypted connections by using TLS SNI. Fixes [docker/for-mac#2732](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/2732).

Reviewer 3: I have no idea what this means. Can we translate it into plainer language?

Author: Maybe just `Fixed domain-based HTTPS proxy `no_proxy` rules for encrypted connections. Fixes etc…`?

Reviewer 3: Yes, that's better.

Reviewer 4: Yes that's fine. No need to mention TLS SNI, I just thought it was interesting at the time.

> - Fixed an issue where the dashboard opened the container in a browser with port 0.

Reviewer 3: What was this issue?

Author: Should probably be something like `Fixed an issue where running a container with a random port on the host, the dashboard was opening the browser with port 0 instead of the allocated port when clicking on «Open in Browser».`?

Reviewer 2: Slightly modified the text. Let me know what you think:

Fixed an issue where running a container with a random port on the host caused Docker Desktop dashboard to incorrectly open a browser with port 0, instead of using the allocated port.

- Perform a filesystem check when starting the Linux VM.

> - Fixed an issue when pulling an image from Docker Hub using the Docker Desktop dashboard.

Reviewer 3: What issue? The user can't know from this whether their bug is fixed.

Author: I believe it was just not working, I have no idea if there was an error message and I don’t think there was any user report.
@trungutt ?

Reviewer 5: @gtardif reported this behavior, we didn’t have any error message and it didn’t work (nothing happen when clicking on Pull). We have a Bugsnag report, but no user complains about thus bug

Reviewer 3: OK, but can we at least describe briefly what the symptom was. "We fixed in issue" isn't helpful.

Author: What about: `Fixed an issue where pulling an image from Docker Hub using the Docker Desktop dashboard was failing silently.`?

Author: I went with ☝️, @stephen-turner is that OK?

Reviewer 3: Yes, that's fine, thanks.

> > Starting with Docker Desktop 3.0.0, Stable and Edge releases are combined into a single release stream for all users. Updates to Docker Desktop will now be available automatically as delta updates from the previous version. This means, when there is a newer version of Docker Desktop, it will be automatically downloaded to your machine. All you need to do is to click **Update and restart** from the Docker menu to install the latest update.

Reviewer: @mat007 This needs to be updated as well.

Author: Ah yes, good catch!
Should we just replace it with a 3.3.0 block? Or split it in two: one 3.0.0 and a new 3.3.0? The latter feels a bit too much…
@stephen-turner @usha-mandya what do you think?

Reviewer 2: Yes, replacing with 3.3.0 behavior sounds good.

Author: I went with:
> Starting with Docker Desktop 3.0.0, Stable and Edge releases are combined into a single release stream for all users. Updates to Docker Desktop will be available automatically as delta updates from the previous version. When an update is available, Docker Desktop displays an icon to indicate the availability of a newer version. Whenever convenient, you can start the download of the update in the background. When the download finishes, all you need to do is to click **Update and restart** to install the latest update.

Reviewer: Yes, I think it's fine to lose the banner now.

{: .important }

## Docker Desktop 3.3.0
2021-04-08

> [Download](https://desktop.docker.com/mac/stable/amd64/Docker.dmg)

### Bug fixes and minor changes

> - Fixed an issue related to docker-compose action. Fixes [docker/for-win#10564](https://github.com/docker/for-win/issues/10564).

Reviewer 3: This is too vague.
```suggestion
- Fixed an issue when viewing compose applications that have been started with an explicit project name. Fixes [docker/for-win#10564](https://github.com/docker/for-win/issues/10564).
```

- Fixed launching Docker Desktop from the Dock. Fixes [docker/for-mac#5515](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/5515).
- Ensure `--add-host host.docker.internal:host-gateway` causes `host.docker.internal` resolves to the host IP, rather than the IP of the IP router. See [docker/for-linux#264](https://github.com/docker/for-linux/issues/264).
- Prevent inter-container HTTP traffic being forwarded via the HTTP proxy to the host. Fixes [docker/for-mac#5476](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/5476).
- Prevent the deletion of files which have been added to the folder containing the VM disk image. Fixes [docker/for-mac#5486](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/5486).

> - Fixed an issue where delta downloads caused an illegal instruction exception. Fixes [docker/for-mac#5459](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/5459).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where delta downloads caused an `Illegal instruction exception` . Fixes [docker/for-mac#5459](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/5459).
```

Reviewer 2: Was thinking of using a different term instead of 'Illegal', but then the realized it is the actual error message. Suggest wrapping it in quotes for emphasis.

- Apply domain-based HTTPS proxy `no_proxy` rules for encrypted connections by using TLS SNI. Fixes [docker/for-mac#2732](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/2732).
- Fixed an issue where the dashboard opened the container in browser with port 0.
- Perform a filesystem check when starting the Linux VM.
- Fixed pulling an image from Docker Hub from the dashboard.
- Remove unused DNS name `docker.for.mac.http.internal`.
- Detect Linux kernel crashes and escalate them to the user.

> ### Upgrades

Reviewer 2: Can we add the Upgrades section before Bug fixes?

- [Docker Compose 1.29.0](https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/tag/1.29.0)
- [Compose CLI v1.0.12](https://github.com/docker/compose-cli/tree/v1.0.12)

> - [Linux kernel 5.10.25](https://hub.docker.com/layers/docker/for-desktop-kernel/4.19.76-83885d3b4cff391813f4262099b36a529bca2df8-amd64/images/sha256-0214b82436af70054e013ea51cb1fea72bd943d0d6245b6521f1ff09a505c40f?context=repo)

Reviewer 4: Kernel link should be https://hub.docker.com/layers/docker/for-desktop-kernel/5.10.25-6594e668feec68f102a58011bb42bd5dc07a7a9b/images/sha256-80e22cd9c9e6a188a785d0e23b4cefae76595abe1e4a535449627c2794b10871?context=repo
